Hello, my name is Alexander
Kotenko today we prepare
meat in merchant boyarina
for this interesting and tasty dish
we need cereals barley from near the plug
pork meat
tomatoes and onions greens
champignons cheese mayonnaise butter
vegetable
as well as a loop only and pepper to start
to cook our dishes we need
take a barley group from led there are
such here are similar packages that we
just take dip in boiling water
while our cereal is boiled
we'll take the pork meat cut off
pieces about one and a half centimeters
one more piece and now for this meat
slightly from the volume we beat off with one
sides turn over and also lift and
on air our meat and now our meat we
add salt pepper and we will fry
on vegetable oil in a skillet
add vegetable oil and
we lay out the broken off pieces of meat on
pan and here we have meat
fried we cut onions onions
half rings
then we cut tomatoes tomatoes
cut into circles and will lay out
already on top how do we cut the mushrooms
neck champignons
can be cut arbitrarily and now
you can turn the meat here so she
we turned out beautiful
fry for five minutes another
sides here and now we rub cheese on
coarse grater here barley grits here
already three
we pull out with a fork and easy
our ancestors were always strong and
healthy
because respect dishes from whole grains
barley grits it is made of
barley is a part of its core and
unpolished
barley rejuvenates not
prevents the development of cancer
diseases due to its contents
minerals and vitamins of the group
b the meat was fried now we
We get out such a baking pan
already fire lice is meat
then on top of the meat we lay out our
excess cereal
brewed straight like that around the piece
meat
then on our porridge on top we lay out
here so we mix onions with mushrooms
also add some salt here
and then lay out the second layer on
meat
beautiful
tasty and most importantly it will turn out healthy
add us a dish then add a little on top
mayonnaise and now on top we lay out
2 tomatoes and sprinkle with cheese and
Here we have already fully collected our dish
and now you send it to the oven when
temperature heated to a temperature of 200
degrees for 20 30 minutes here we have
25 minutes passed our meat in a merchant
interesting name such a bar and
we are ready neatly sizzling
put the meat on a platter and
make out this green we take here
such here
sprig of dill
from him to go
like this in the middle and powdered
like this in a circle a little green
that's basically our dish is ready
good appetite